---
layout: post
title: Conditions
description: What is conditions? Conditional Statements are what happens next in the program when a certain condition is met. 
categories: [Collaboration]
courses: { csse: {week: 0}, csp: {week: 0 }, csa: {week: 0}}
type: collab
menu: nav/condition.html
permalink: /doghappy
toc: true
---

# All About Conditions

### **Conditional Statements** If Statements and Branch Statements 
If Statements: Checks if a condition is true and then executes something. 
- For example: If it's raining, take an umbrella
Branch Statements: 
## Hacks

> Establish PBL and Comp Sci attitude; often called an **Agile Mindset or Growth Mindset**.  Here are some elements you could add to start your blog.

- Watch a video [How I Would Learn To Code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9WqpQp8VSU).  Record some thoughts.
- Attitude.  An Agile/Growth mindset is not knowing the answer, making lots of mistakes and performing iteration.  **A successful grade is dependent on making mistakes, research, asking questions, and continual iteration**.  Record some mistakes you made and then show the resulting corrections.
- Tools and Equipment. Highlight some items you learned from the tools setup.   **Why do you think bringing a personal laptop or Chromebook to class daily is so important?**  Comment on how the Internet, AP Classroom, ChatGPT, and Nighthawk Coders website will be considered as a textbook.  
- Requirements. Everything will be distributed electronically.  All code you develop will be delivered to the Cloud. **No paper!**
- Grading guidelines. Write your interpretation of this paragraph in your blog.  There will be key technical objectives that will require producing **tangibles** aka tangible artifacts. Essentially, it is impossible to be late with work if you work consistently attend class, work in class and turn in progressive tangibles each week.  Thus, failure to have work will result in a point deduction.  Additionally, **late work must be defended during office hours** and will receive a 10% deduction or more.
- Understanding point scale.  Write your interpretation of the below in your blog.
  - A High "A" is very tough to achieve, something beyond the given requirements.  Something that exhibits an unforced desire to learn and Code/Code/Code beyond.  A series of these types of grades is required to earn a Teacher recommendation for College.
    - Low "A" is consistency in producing tangibles toward Team Project and Individual GH Page according to Issues and Scrum Board plans.   Plans must be consistent with key objectives and technicals.
    - "B" is having flaws in consistency or tangible shortcomings, but mostly on track.  A flaw would be mostly working code, and attempts, but an incomplete assignment.
    - "C" is a lack of consistent effort, lacking tangibles. Lack of producing running Code.
    - Below "C" is composed of Slash/Slash/Slash offenses. Lack of attendance, disruptive behaviors, using phone inappropriately, doing work from other classes during CompSci class time, paper visible in class, and turning in "tangibles" that you can't represent in live review.
    - Zero is a result of plagiarism.  The Teachers will likely miss the first few offenses of plagiarism, thus any offense will result in an inquiry on previous work. Remember this is an effort-based class.
